well here we are at home and charity of Sara should be on air
real mallorca no need
with your party as a townhouse get what you do is now investigated
good our
our kitchen my kitchen 3
I'm really Mallorcan cuisine
efe
I have put my personality
it means that it is not that he pushes with all my respects the others
kitchen is shaped like france
i in in she sings her kitchen but
I want to believe that they fixed kitchen as something
What is Mallorcan cuisine?
percent my vision of this kitchen i nowadays because it voted maybe
more radical
it's mostly because my my idea of ​​the future that is the third local producer
so
Mallorcan cuisine in sirte is limited
to stop the traditional but I think we need the product that we have
here and think about the future of this kitchen what does quote a renovation
phillips a little min my present and my future
who owns local plants
and also in little time the na
barack obama cuisine has been done if a few years ago it is evident that you need
in full form a reset activity because they are two producers
the products and its all the people that are required in the product that we have here
why
In a way, Héctor has been contemplating the option of Majorca tourism
nozar in the invaded with lots of outer science products are
also of the fruits here
i say maybe
they arrived little
the attention towards that Mallorcan kitchen
often treated
what for me really has the value of 2 local
I nevertheless teach to be able to teach that they do not have it
visitor
that we have as a result of that if you want this to be haute cuisine
Even if it is a simple Mallorcan comayagua or any elaboration
it happens that we have to take care of it round it out fc2 flavors of always
traditional
but or renewed because it is a challenge calafate is a challenge
what you have to think min not many but one way is that you respect a lot
flavor by the end
i the opi otherwise you have to take a step forward not
by stress is a little what we are doing is people are
very very happy is very comfortable with this type of kitchen
because because he has a memory he is happy years
they are surprised sometimes ddd
this taste as natural as authentic as cooking his mother
but with the presentation or with a way of liking the theater because its
mandate
maybe so perfect line
i the team
e of menus you have here or that if you have excellent artists doing to
this season of 2010
we follow our line the menus
spiritual eide these two menus is that the letter is completed not so much tenacity 2-
what with the short mamos and another longer and he was changing more or less
every 15 days valdés is that that type of kitchen
well
will place its shares in the products efe
take a walk
bene it's a pleasure to see you again
and they have already been from oaxaca de juárez until now
for
will have generated thanks